Introduction
What is Oxford Word Skills?
Oxford Word Skills is a series of three books for students to learn, practice and revise new vocabulary
Basic: elementary and pre – intermediate (CEF levels A1 and A2)
Intermediate: intermediate and upper – intermediate (CEF levels B1 and B2)
Advanced: advanced (CEF levels C1 and C2)
There are over 2000 new words or phrases in cash level, and all of the material can be used in the classroom or for self – study.
How are the books organized?
Each book contains 80 units of vocabulary presentation and practice. Units are between one and three pages long, depending on the topic. New is presented in manageable quantities for learner, with practice exercises following immediately, usually on the same page. The units are grouped together thematically in modules of five to ten units. At the ends of each module there are further practice exercises in the review units, so that leaners can revise and test themselves on the vocabulary leaned.
At the back of each book you will find:
•	Vocabulary building tables
•	An answer key for all the exercises
•	A list of all the vocabulary taught with a phonemic pronunciation guide and a unit reference to where to where the items appears
There is a CD – ROM at each level with oral pronunciation models for all the vocabulary taught, and further practice exercises, including listening activities.
What vocabulary is included?
At Basic level, the vocabulary includes:
•	A wide range of common topics. E.g. clothes, free time, at the airport
•	Words and phrases needed in social interaction, e.g. inviting people, using the phone
•	Areas of lexical grammar, e.g. prepositions of place, phrasal verbs
There is particular emphasis on high – frequency vocabulary in everyday spoken English. This is continued at Intermediate level with the addition of more vocabulary from different styles of written English. At Advanced level, learners encounter more figurative meaning of vocabulary items as well as more idiomatic language.
The series includes almost all of the words in the Oxford 3000 TM which lists the 3000 words teachers and students should prioritize in their teaching and learning. The list is based on frequency and usefulness to learners, and was developed by Oxford University Press using corpus evidence and information supplied by a panel of over 70 experts the fields of teaching and language study. In addition, we have included a wide range of high frequency phrases, e.g. at the moment, never mind, as well as items which are extremely useful in a particular context, e.g. main course in a restaurant, or hand luggage at an airport.
We have taken great care to ensure that learnenrs will be able to understand the meaning of all the new words and phrases by supplying a clear illustration, a simple glossary definition. or an exemple of each word or phrase. Learners should be aware that many English words have more than one meaning. They should refer to an approiate learner's dictionary for information on other meanings.(See How to learn new words in the Starter unit for advice.)
How can teachers use the material in the classroom? 
New vocabulary is presrented through visual, tables or different types of text, including dialogues. The meaning of new vocabulary is explained in an accompanying mini glossary unluss it is illustrated in visuals or diagrams. particularly important itemsare highlighted by means of splotlight' boxes
Here is procedure you could follow:
+ students study the presentation for 5-10 minutes (longer is necessary)
+ You answer any queries the students many have about the items, and provise a pronunciation model of the items for your studnets to reapeat
+Students do the first exercise, which they can check for themselves using the answer key, or you can go over the answers with the whole class.
+ When you are satisfied, you can ask students to go on to further excercises, while you monitor them as they work individually or on pairs, and assist where necessary
+ When they have completed the written exercisrs, students can offen test themselves on the new vocabulary using the cover and enclosed with the book. They material has been designed so that students can cover the new items while they look at the visuals and test themselves. They can do the same with some of the tables and glossaries; cover the new vocabulary and look at the meaning, or vice-versa. This is a simple, quick and easy way for learners to test themselves over and over again, so there is no pressure on you to keep searching for different exercises.
+ After a period of time has elapsed, perhaps a couple of days or a week, you can use the review exercises for furthur consolidation and testing.
+ You will offen notice the headings ' about you' or ' about your country'. These indicate personalized exercises which give learners and apportunity to use the new vocabulary within the context of their own lives. Students can writte answers to these , but they make ideal pair work activities, for lraners to practise their spoken English while using the new vocabulary. If you use these as speaking activities, students could then write their answers(or their partner's answers)as follow up. In the answer key, possible answers for these activities are provided by proficient non - native speakers from different parts of the word.
How can students are the material on their own?
The material has been design so that it can be used effectively both in the classroom or by learners working alone. if working alone, learner should look at the Starter unit first. For self-study, we reconmend that learners use the book alongside the CD-ROM.at is give them a pronunciation model for every item of vocabulary, as well as further practise excercises. They can check their own answers and use the cover card to test themselves. One advantage of self-study learning is that students can select the topics that interest them, or the topics where they most need to expand their knowledge.
