We have taken great care to ensure that learnenrs will be able to understand the meaning of all the new words and phrases by supplying a clear illustration, a simple glossary definition. or an exemple of each word or phrase. Learners should be aware that many English words have more than one meaning. They should refer to an approiate learner's dictionary for information on other meanings.(See How to learn new words in the Starter unit for advice.)
How can teachers use the material in the classroom? 
New vocabulary is presrented through visual, tables or different types of text, including dialogues. The meaning of new vocabulary is explained in an accompanying mini glossary unluss it is illustrated in visuals or diagrams. particularly important itemsare highlighted by means of splotlight' boxes
Here is procedure you could follow:
+ students study the presentation for 5-10 minutes (longer is necessary)
+ You answer any queries the students many have about the items, and provise a pronunciation model of the items for your studnets to reapeat
+Students do the first exercise, which they can check for themselves using the answer key, or you can go over the answers with the whole class.
+ When you are satisfied, you can ask students to go on to further excercises, while you monitor them as they work individually or on pairs, and assist where necessary
+ When they have completed the written exercisrs, students can offen test themselves on the new vocabulary using the cover and enclosed with the book. They material has been designed so that students can cover the new items while they look at the visuals and test themselves. They can do the same with some of the tables and glossaries; cover the new vocabulary and look at the meaning, or vice-versa. This is a simple, quick and easy way for learners to test themselves over and over again, so there is no pressure on you to keep searching for different exercises.
+ After a period of time has elapsed, perhaps a couple of days or a week, you can use the review exercises for furthur consolidation and testing.
+ You will offen notice the headings ' about you' or ' about your country'. These indicate personalized exercises which give learners and apportunity to use the new vocabulary within the context of their own lives. Students can writte answers to these , but they make ideal pair work activities, for lraners to practise their spoken English while using the new vocabulary. If you use these as speaking activities, students could then write their answers(or their partner's answers)as follow up. In the answer key, possible answers for these activities are provided by proficient non - native speakers from different parts of the word.

